Updated bug report template (#876)
alvr-org/ALVR: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug Report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> Note: If the bug affects multiple games, please open an issue for each game with the game in the title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Note: If the bug affects multiple games, please open an issue for each game with the game in the title. -->
```

Reviewer: Secondly I'm not sure this policy actually makes sense, if there's an ALVR issue that triggers problems in multiple games then that's just one issue for our POV.

Author: My primary goal here was fixing formatting, but I do agree that it seems like a silly policy. If you'd like to change it we can, I just assumed there was a reason it was there.

Reviewer: Yeet it away~

> # Bug Reports

Reviewer: No need for a primary header if it shows up in the issue contents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Description

> Please replace this line with a brief summary of your issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please add a brief summary of your issue -->
```

## General Troubleshooting
- [ ] I carefully followed the instructions in the [README](https://github.com/alvr-org/ALVR/blob/master/README.md) and successfully completed the setup wizard
- [ ] I read the ALVR Wikis [here](https://github.com/polygraphene/ALVR/wiki) and [here](https://github.com/alvr-org/ALVR/wiki)

## Environement

### Hardware
**Note**: for Linux, an upload to the [`hw-probe`](https://linux-hardware.org/) database is preferred: `hw-probe -all -upload`

**CPU**:

**GPU**:

**Audio**:

### Installation
**ALVR Version**:

**SteamVR Version**:

**Install Type**:
- [ ] Packaged (`exe`, `deb`, `rpm`, etc)
- [ ] Portable (`zip`)
- [ ] Source

**OS Name and Version** (`winver` on Windows or `grep PRETTY_NAME /etc/os-release` on most Linux distributions):

# Feature Requests

> The quickest way to get a new feature is to file a pull request; these will be considered, but may be closed if they're something we're not actively planning to work on.

Reviewer: This also probably doesn't make sense here. This is a form users fill out: have a look at this [example](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) ([plaintext](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) too)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Feature Requests
The quickest way to get a new feature is to file a pull request; these will be considered, but may be closed if they're something we're not actively planning to work on. -->
```
